{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1348\cocoasubrtf170
{\fonttbl\f0\fnil\fcharset0 AvenirNext-Heavy;\f1\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;\f2\fnil\fcharset0 AvenirNext-DemiBold;
\f3\fnil\fcharset0 AvenirNext-Regular;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red254\green73\blue64;}
{\*\listtable{\list\listtemplateid1\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid1\'01\uc0\u8226 ;}{\levelnumbers;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listname ;}\listid1}}
{\*\listoverridetable{\listoverride\listid1\listoverridecount0\ls1}}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww26340\viewh19060\viewkind0
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\pardirnatural

\f0\b\fs48 \cf2 \ul \ulc2 WELCOME TO THE DEPARTMENT OF ENGLISH, FILM, AND THEATRE MEDIA LAB!
\f1\b0\fs24 \cf0 \ulnone \
\

\f2\b Please read the guidelines below carefully before using this computer.\
\
If you need help logging in or using the lab computers, please ask the Lab Technician.
\f3 \
\

\f0 General Lab Usage
\f3 \
\
\pard\tx220\tx720\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\li720\fi-720\pardirnatural
\ls1\ilvl0
\f2 \cf0 {\listtext	\'95	}Food is not permitted in the lab. Drinks with lids are acceptable.\
{\listtext	\'95	}Excessive noise is not permitted in the Lab at any time.\'a0 When possible, use headphones to listen to your audio content.\
{\listtext	\'95	}DO NOT SAVE ON THE DESKTOP. Make yourself a folder in the \'93Video Drive.\'94 The Video Drive is a shared drive for students to use.\
{\listtext	\'95	}You may work on independent and personal projects at the Lab; but your time may be pre-empted by course-related work at the Director/Technician\'92s discretion.\
{\listtext	\'95	}Do not install any software on the computers under any circumstances. Make software requests to the lab technician.\
{\listtext	\'95	}Do not leave files on the computers for extended periods of time.\'a0 Files will not kept past the end of term. A Mac OS formatted external drive is strongly recommended for any student doing film work in the lab. It will allow students better security, data redundancy and flexibility in the lab.\
{\listtext	\'95	}Backup your data! The Media Lab is not responsible for lost, damaged, or deleted files.\
{\listtext	\'95	}The Lab is not responsible for lost, damaged, or stolen personal property in the lab. Do not leave your belongings unattended in the lab.\
{\listtext	\'95	}Ultimately, be clean, respectful, and leave your workstation as you found it.\
{\listtext	\'95	}Any behaviour that contravenes these rules may lead to suspension of lab access.\
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\pardirnatural

\f1\b0 \cf0 \
}